[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is the ARS x7 v6 so this is
their slim 17-inch gaming laptop it
comes packed with Pascal and a bunch of
other cool features but this particular
model starts at 2700 dollars is pretty
expensive let's see if it's worth it
I've always liked the laptop designs
from ARS it's got the smooth finish
matte block and aside from that logo
that lights up I feel it's something
that Batman could use it's a gaming
laptop that doesn't scream gamer it's
nice the build quality on the x7 has
always been good it's got a nice fit and
finish great hinge limited screen and
chassis flex and if I'm not mistaken
these have a two-year warranty if I
don't edit that out this has a two-year
warranty it's a 17 inch laptop so
there's lots of ports audio jacks
Ethernet three display outputs so you
can set up invidious around three USB
threes and SD card slot and a USB 3.1
and type-c but unfortunately it does not
have Thunderbolt three support the
internals are easily accessed and inside
you'll find four RAM slots so you can
get up to 64 gigs of ram for drive bays
a two and a half inch SATA drive and the
other three are empty slots the included
drive is from Toshiba with great speeds
there's also an optional live stream
engine that fits into one of the MT
slots and that supposedly takes the
burden off your CPU for recording and
streaming gameplay the battery down here
is 94 watt hours it gets you around
three to three and a half hours of
regular use
there is no Nvidia Optimus on the x7
because it has a g-sync panel and that's
the price of admission for g-sync but
something neat that I found is that you
can check the battery status when it's
off using the system activity lights the
keyboard has individual RGB lighting and
it's easy to customize there are some
dim spots on the bigger keys the overall
typing experience though is great good
travel good layout nice spacing my only
concern is the positioning of the macro
keys they're a little close and I've hit
a macro switch a few times instead of
the Tildy or escape button it uses an
eel and trackpad the surface is nice it
textured glass tracking is decent the
button mechanism is okay there's nothing
bad about it it's just not amazing and
it doesn't feel premium in any way the
x7 can be equipped with this 17-inch
1440p panel with g-sync running at 120
Hertz games look incredibly smooth on
the screen it has a matte finish and
it's not a touch screen color accuracy
is pretty good once you calibrate it and
it gets reasonably bright viewing angles
are decent but with a 5 millisecond
response time the screen is excellent
for gaming it's actually one of the best
on the market for competitive gamers the
webcam up top looks and sounds like this
but there's also an option to
green-screen the image in case your
streamers so if you paired this 120
Hertz g-sync panel with an unlocked CPU
and a powerful GPU you get awesome
performance like desktop awesome you can
easily overclock the CPU turbo to 4
gigahertz which is the base speed of the
desktop 6700 K and then the GTX 1017
here has almost identical performance to
the desktop gtx 1070 so yeah this thing
is a beast 1080p gaming is a breeze
overwatch and ultra goes above 150
frames per second doom on Ultra is
around 120 frames per second which were
three hovers around 80 frames per second
with hair works off closer to 60 frames
per second with hair works on now if you
play at the native 1440p resolution you
can't really tell that much of a
difference between 1440p gaming and
1080p gaming on a 17 inch screen you can
tell the difference but you really have
to stare at the pixels to notice it
Assassin's Creed unity which is still
one of the most demanding games clock
sent around 50 frames per second with
everything maxed out at 1440p so this
laptop delivers some serious performance
thermally it's properly cooled 5 heat
pipes 2 fans it doesn't throttle at the
base speeds or even when overclocked to
4 gigahertz they did a great job with
thermal management fan noise however can
be loud you can reduce fan speed with
the software but if you let it do its
own thing on automatic it's audible on
idle and loud when under load you'll
need headphones to play games
comfortably but with performance like
this you kind of want the laptop to be
cooled aggressively
there's even optional kickstands in the
box that you can use to raise the laptop
a bit to help with cooling there
speakers are pretty good there's two
that fire at the side and then there's
two subs on the bottom they're not
amazing because the laptop isn't very
thick but to get loud and they're clear
they're great for media consumption but
because of how loud the fans get under
load headphones are better for games so
with the ARS x7 v6 you're getting a
powerful gaming laptop with a really
good build quality the 17-inch display
is a 120 Hertz g-sync panel and games
look really nice on it the keyboard has
individual RGB lighting and is nice to
type on the trackpad is improved from
previous generations but it's still not
amazing on the inside the skylake 6820
HK and the nvidia gtx 1070 deliver
killer performance and are very well
cooled but the fans get loud the four
ram slots and the four drive bays are
all easy to access and easy to upgrade
and then there's a 94 watt hour battery
that gets around three maybe three and a
half hours of battery life so I think
errors did a fantastic job on the x7 v6
I've got great performance really good
expandability and a fantastic screen all
in a package that is remarkably thin for
the type of performance that it pushes
out the thing that I don't love about it
is the price tag at $2,700 this thing is
very steep so it really depends on your
budget but what you do get with this is
literally the best performing 17-inch
gaming laptop that's at an inch thick if
you want that there's only this one but
if you're looking for something else
with better value obviously this isn't
the one for you that's the end of this
video hope you guys liked it thumbs
would be liked it subs if you loved it
it's been nice I'll see you guys next
time
[Music]
you